Download the app from https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-realworld-app

SUT - http://localhost:3000

Scenario 1 - Verify all elements exists on the application

TC001 - Sign in page (/signin) - Verify all elements of sign in page
TC002 - Sign up page (/signup)- Verify all elements of sign up page
TC003 - Home page - Verify all elements of home page
TC004 - Contacts page (/contacts) - Verify all elements of contacts page
TC005 - Personal page (/personal) - Verify all elements of personal page
TC006 - New Transaction page (/transaction/new) - Verify all elements of Transaction new page
TC007 - Notifications page (/notifications) - Verify all elements of notifications page
TC008 - My accounts page (/user/settings) - Verify all elements of My accounts page
TC009 - Bank Accounts page (/bankaccounts) - Verify all elements of Bank accounts page


Scenario 2 - View first two transactions on Home page and comment and like on the transaction (comment nice if +transaction else comment sad)

TC001 - Verify two comments are existing
TC002 - Comment and like first comment
TC003 - Comment and like second comment


Scenario 3 - View transaction from $200 t0 $1000 range on Home page 

Scenario 4 - Create a new bank account after login and delete the account

Scenario 5 - Edit name, phone number, email in user settings and make 10 transactions with 10 friends.

Scenario 6 - Create a new user, logout, login with old user and Make a new transaction (Request money) from Home page. Login as new user and accept request from old user in Personal page. Check the balance of the new and old user, should be updated.Verify notification is updated.

Scenario 7 - Create a new user, logout, login with old user and Make a new transaction (Pay money) from Home page with a newly created user. Login as new user and then check the balance of the new and old user, should be updated. Verify notification is updated.

Scenario 8 - Make 2 transactions with any user and then verify the transaction from personal page.

Scenario 9 - Like and comment on personal transactions and verify received notification on notification symbol and notification page. Dismiss the notification.

Scenario 10 - Register a new user and like and comment on the existing user, login with existing user and verify notification of new user like and coment is received.
